chore: updated the .env setup instructions (#17)
troup-io/troup-server: README.md

-   [Prisma][prisma]
-   [Nexus Schema][nexus-schema]

> ## `.env` Setup
> 
> You will need to add two `.env` files into the project to get it up and running. The first `.env` file should be created on the root of the project and contains the following information:
> 
> ```
> NODE_ENV="development"
> APP_SECRET="jwtsecret123"
> NODE_PATH="./src"
> DATABASE_URL="postgresql://prisma:prisma@localhost:5432/postgres?schema=public"
> ```
> 
> The second `.env` file should be created in the `prisma` folder and contains the following information:
> 
> ```
> DATABASE_URL="postgresql://prisma:prisma@localhost:5432/postgres?schema=public"
> ```
> 

Reviewer: I have added two `example.env` files in the repo. These can be used to create the actual `.env` files. We should update the content to reflect the same, and redirect to those files.

```suggestion
## Setting up environment variables

You will need to create two `.env` files in the root and the `prisma` folder. The instructions on setting those up are available within each example:
- [Root environment variables](https://github.com/troup-io/troup-server/blob/master/example.env)
- [Prisma environment variables](https://github.com/troup-io/troup-server/blob/master/prisma/example.env)
```

Author: Perfect, that makes sense! Thanks
